Hey everyone, welcome to this week's bonus compilation episode made exclusively for you the clubfish members
This is Dan here. I'm I'm standing a bit rusty today
And that's because we had quite late night last night because we just started our run of live shows at the Soho theater
We're doing 11 in total last night was amazing so much fun
We had Jamie Morton from my dad wrote a porno on stage with us and it's gonna be a new guest every single show
We've got two shows tonight and it's a sold-out run at the moment
But we have learned that they often keep tickets back just for on the day release
So if you happen to be in central London on one of the days that we're doing our shows
Why not just check out the Soho theater website because there might be a few tickets available and you can come along
And I really recommend that you do it's just such a fun show the guests that we have coming up are amazing and
They are all gonna be recorded though. So don't worry. We will be putting them out
But if you do want to get a sort of slight live experience and you're not in London
We are doing one show in September at Kings Place at the London podcast festival
And it's gonna be live streamed so you can get tickets anywhere from your lounge room at any bit of the planet that you're sitting in
and watch it there and not only do that but go on to the fish cord and go on to the live episode chat and
Discuss everything that's being said with all the other fish cord members as it's going along
It's really fun when when that's being done. So check those out and
Get ready now for quite a star studded compilation
This is the first one where we've started using outtakes of all the guests that have been on since Anna has been away
And so as a result of that you're gonna get an absolute multi-pack of comedy stardom with the voices of Sally Phillips
There's Lucy Porter Rachel Paris Athena Cablenu Philippa Perry so many in there and
It's a really fun episode. These are the bits that just didn't quite fit into the main show
But are still very very funny and very interesting. So hope you enjoy it and here we go on with the compilation
Coleman's you know who loves Coleman's my Jella Lawson. She loves it so much that everywhere she goes
She carries a little jar of it in her handbag. There's two two condiments that she carries in her handbag at all times
We get the other one. Yeah, it's nothing. It's nothing. What's the sauce Tabasco? No
It's a mold and salt so she's always got salt and she's always got some salt. Yeah
Yeah, and I'm not saying this of Nadella Lawson
But if I did want to carry cocaine with me in my handbag, I would tell people it was mold and salt and go look
Here's my mustard
Seasoning food. Yeah, the salt must have must have had some sort of accident because it's all become incredibly finely ground
Shame I'll have to throw it away
I'll start it
Okay, I'll tell you want just one last thing to do with mustard. It's a mustard
I really want to try and it's a novelty mustard, but screw it. I still want to try it
There's a American football star called Tex a place for Texas longhorns called Bijan Robinson
And Bijan Robinson has his own mustard which is called Bijan Mustardson and
And you can buy it. It's slogans. It's like a touchdown in your mouth or
And
It'll break your mouth's ankles great great slogan
Yeah, and so it's available Bijan mustardson.com you can go there and
Yeah, they're gonna do break your mouth. I know I know it's wonderful
Yeah, but it's available now, so I'm gonna be getting some
If you don't enjoy the flavor, we'll give you a quarter back. That's brilliant. Yeah, but then they might have to give you a quarter
I
Was reading about how many questions children ask. Oh, yeah
This was a survey done by an online retailer
So it was like, you know, it's not scientific
But they asked over a thousand mothers how many questions they got or maybe to like press a button every time they got asked a question
How many questions per day? Do you think British mothers were asked is it what age?
These two to three or two four year olds. No, it was a bit older. It was four to five year olds
Okay, so that's my boy at the moment so 60. Sorry, Dan. You're more informed. No, no, no, so 60 from you
I'm gonna say yeah a hundred plus so like a hundred to a hundred and fifty is my if I can do a range
Well, they reported 300 questions per day, which was on average more questions per hour than PM Q's
What is the what is an average question? Yeah, because probably the average one if you're talking like that, you know
What happens most often it's just why why why?
Can I have some more? Yeah, why two questions the questions are very rarely. Can you help me with my shoelaces?
Wouldn't it be a better thing
The Prime Minister tell me about the immigration
I refuse to answer that question why
My daughter's favorite artist is your yoy kusama, but she is only one like it's all the dots like kids love dots
Oh, yeah fantastic. She's probably like Bridget Riley as well. Oh, really? Okay. I'll look into that
We've got I've got five-year-old wolf and he's really into drawing at the moment
So it does these drawings every day and shows them to us and we're like this is amazing
We bring them up put them on the fridge and stuff
But in our room we have a painting which is framed a print which is by at the time of five-year-old girl called
Iris Grace who had autism and aspergers and they are stunning
They are like they look like someone in their forties and will fast to come to bed every night and just look at Iris Grace the
Not thinking you know
I'm interested in the learning part of it like
How children learn and what you can do to kind of help them to learn quicker Michelle de montaigne. Why are you in such a hurry?
With what together to learn? Yeah. Well, that was retire. I
Was thinking if she's like her chest prodigy by the time she's 12 then I can kind of retire when I'm
60 they feel six do they feel stadiums chest prodigies then Magnus does Magnus Carlson, but the rest don't yeah
It's a nice level of fame. I think to be a chess prodigy if you were the first female world chess champion
I think that would that would be enough for me to retire. Okay. Yeah, but
She wants to share the spoils with you. She might have better ideas
No, you'll have legal control over it till James already made a signed a contract
Well Michelle de montaigne the the famous slayer
So his father wanted him to be really smart and so
He when he was a baby
He was brought to a small cottage where he lived for three years of his life with a peasant family
First of all, but that was quite normal to outsource
Babies when they were very young and yeah with peasants because we know how tough it is bringing up a baby
Well, yeah, so you want someone else to do it? Yeah, well, that doesn't make sense
But his father's idea was that it would teach him, you know
How how people live because he came from a rich family and he wants to see how everyone lived
And then at three years, he was taken home to his chateau
But he was only allowed to hear or speak Latin
So no one speak French twin
He had a German tutor who didn't speak French and the German tutor was only allowed to speak Latin to him the whole time
And so he only spoke Latin until he was a teenager and Latin was his native language
Even like when he was much older. He kind of thought in Latin right like that
And I wonder how much of like
Early the early days, you know, how much you can teach children that young and when you say
Montagne, yeah, all I can think of is kidney stones
He had the most appalling kidney stones and he suffered terribly with them
Do you think that affected his writing it's sort of like his temperament gave it some urgency
The reason I ask actually is because I read this article about saying that when you will put kids TV on and you got your kid
Watching the TV. Yeah, if you put the subtitles on it will help them to read quicker. Oh, okay
Well, that is how all why all Scandinavians
Are really good at English. I think because they have Scandinavian subtitles on English speaking cartoons
James have you been trying to find
To
Flashcards came about because they used to be an advert on television
So so means happy motoring
So means happy motoring and the words the word so just flashed on the screen
And then kids would point at special stations, you know
eight months old
And they thought flashcards I'm gonna teach our kids to read I did flashcards with my child and she enjoyed the attention
What else can I say?
I don't know if it helped her read or not. We didn't do exams
Did you guys have a much more friends as children? I did not know I did. Yeah, yeah, what was it called?
Benny
There's imaginary dinosaur. It's pretty cool. It was a dinosaur skeleton. Yeah
I thought you might have chased him around dressed as a nurse
In my dressing gown, did he talk to you? I don't want to talk about it
Yeah, I don't know why
You guys
So tell me did you have any terrible
Experiences
As long as the voices are talking to you and not about you
That's the better way, yeah, well, of course a lot of great writers like did all the brontes had imaginary friends didn't they?
His burning was inspired by Savanna Roller's bonfire of the vanities
We reckon so don't know what that is. So he was Italian. He was very much against
People, you know doing what they want sins. He was against drinking
He was against any kind of frivolity and stuff like that
And he decided to do a big bonfire in the middle of Italy where he would take everything that was that he didn't like and burn it
All everything that was fun. Everything was fun. Yeah, he put an end to all the carnivals in Italy in Florence, especially he got like
Street urchins as we would call them then possibly not now
And they would go around sort of listening in for anyone having fun and they would report back to him
And he would tell so who's this guy again Savanna Roller. I think you can still say urchins just to say
I don't think there's a movement to reclaim the word
Urchins do you so do you just like if you see kids in the street you call them urchins?
Do you?
I know what's good for me. If they're trying to unlock your bicycle
But eventually Savanna Roller he was he was executed. I know yeah when public opinion turned against him. Now why?
And he was burned and at the stake and as he was burned his
Something happened like maybe the updraft caused his right hand to lift and his his fans who were called the weepers
They thought that he was blessing them on from the pyre. Oh, but it might have just been an updraft
I think it was an updraft now. Call me an old cynic, but so he was burning everything himself. Yeah
Yeah, I bet he wished he'd not burned things. No, he put them on a bouncy castle or something
It's much better for sleeping apparently a cool room. Yeah. Yeah, if you really want because that's why if you stay in a hotel and it's
Oh
Yeah, we can't turn it off
But yeah, my mum and dad their entire marriage was a constant battle of she would like to be cold and he liked to be
Yeah, it's like that in our house, but
My wife just has a load of blankets on her and I just sleep outside of the
It was a mutual decision
The garden shed
Yeah
3000 different types of edible fruit in the Amazon
Forrest as opposed to the river this
This is in the rainforest, yeah
You like some breakfast buffet, I certainly do some damage to that that fruits
Sorry, I couldn't name more than I'd say 15 fruits. No, you're telling me there are 3000 in the Amazon
Yeah, we don't eat all of them, but they are edible
I think even the locals only a few hundred of them, right?
And we probably not that many of them. In fact, you wouldn't have heard of many of them. Although like no, I've heard of 30
Have you heard of guarana, you know, yeah
I've heard of geek I've heard of the country
Well, that's near the Amazon, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I've heard
Something they put in like energy drinks. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and that's you get that from the Amazon and there's that cartoon
Corona's in pajamas, isn't there? Yeah
It's when you look at the fruit, it looks like an eyeball
So it's like it's like a red fruit
But then as it ripens this white stuff sort of
Comes out and then there's a little black dot. So it looks exactly like an eyeball
And it's eaten by
In the Maoist region of the Amazon rainforest and the percentage of elderly people in Maoist is absolutely off the charts
Very high
It's a very poisonous fruit
When we say edible, we mean if you don't mind dying. Yeah in Brazil they often like the TV crews will go there every now and then and
Find all these 90 year olds who are working in the
Because isn't the goji berry that's another that's another one. Yeah, it's probably sort of derived from there
Are these all fruits that are consistently sort of on the market or like I imagine a lot of fruits
Are found to be edible there via someone who got lost is a bit desperate had to eat something and go wow
Yeah, it's a new thing, but but it's not been harvested into a so the three thousand is
An estimate but pretty good estimate by botanists
And then the ones that are actually eaten is probably about 500 the ones I regularly eat and maybe about one or two hundred
And the ones that I've these heard of 15
Can I just take you back and the world record holder for Loch Ness Monster hunting
Is it longest without having found a Loch Ness monster most seen yet?
No, he's he's been sitting looking for it for 32 years in one specific spot of what now so it's the longest continuous vigil
He almost lost his record by the very fact that he was in a room in London telling them about the record that he had
I met him last night. Yeah, I did say to him. What if the lock this was to turns up while you're here
Is there a Guinness World Record for most depressing Guinness World Record? I think it's incontent. He's awesome
His life is incredible. He lives a beautiful hermit life by this most beautiful spot. It's really lovely
But he said he saw it possibly once in the first year, but it's been quite quiet ever since
He must have thought it's just gonna be citing after citing for now on Steve. He's such a lovely guy
Yeah, another famous pajama wearer is Griffith Pugh
And who was he wore pajamas to go up Mount Everest?
And so this is the first Everest expedition. So it's
Hillary and nor gay, right?
But there was a team and those two made it to the very top
But they had people who went up like various stages of Mount Everest and one of them was Griffith Pugh
And he was part of the research team
He invented the oxygen equipment that they used and he designed the diet and all kind of stuff
But he always wore pajamas when he was climbing
And everyone took the piss out of him like everyone thought what an idiot the first time he did it
He walks down in the in the lower slopes of Everest
He was wearing sky blue pajamas
Everyone else was in the hiking shorts and stuff and he's like no, this is right. This is right
He always had an umbrella as well
And what happened was everyone else got really sunburned
But he had these very lightweight trousers that would cover his whole legs and stuff
And they'd cover his arms the top of the pyjamas and he was the only one who didn't get sunburned
Well, tragically he died of hypothermia
I love the fact that it's almost like, you know, like when people run the London Marathon in pyjamas or whatever
It's like the you know, Hillary and nor gay right there just
Doing it seriously and it's like here he comes with this kind of novelty
He's dressed as a rhino
Do we know Ian McMillan? Oh, yeah, he does the verb
Show on okay. He's a poet, right? Yeah, he's a brilliant poet and a lovely man and he
On his desert island discs chose John Cage's
Four minutes 33 seconds the one that's just silence. Yes, and obviously they they played it
Yeah, and the sort of ambient noise that could be heard included his stomach rumbling
And him trying not to laugh at the fact that everyone could hear his dance
I would have thought like the bbc emergency thing would kick in, you know, when there's nothing
Um, I think he'll regret that when he's on the island
I think he's saying he doesn't like music largely. Oh, no, it's an artistic piece
Yeah, and I think the point of it's 33 seconds is that it is the ambient sounds that you're meant to be listening to
You can't have complete silence. Not the point. The point is not that it's completely silent
So you connect with nature. No, it's not about nature. Well, what you connect with you connect with the environment
The environment around you. Yeah, you hear the musicians not playing. Yeah
I would argue that any time the song you bring to the desert island is not playing
You're listening to four minutes 33. Yeah
That's true. Well, yeah, I would say of all the times in your life to not need that piece is probably marooned on a desert island
Because you've got a lot of time to listen to those ambient sounds. You want to go for really long songs like champagne supernova by oasis
That's a great one. Is that long? Oh, it's very long. It's like seven minutes. Was that one by the Beatles that's really long?
Hey, Jude? Yeah, yeah
Is it because of all the, hey, nanananas?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Dan baited some classical musicians a few weeks ago on this podcast. So I feel like he's doing it again now in four minutes 33
You're not happy with them when they are. I've had so many letters. You're not happy with them when they are or aren't playing their instruments now. It's terrible
There's a story that um, roi plumley got sort of very
Dishevelled because of a rude moment on the show he had
So it I'm going to start this by saying this is a story that gets told a lot, but it's an urban myth
Oh, okay, but supposedly Bridget Bardot was on now. We know this didn't happen because Bridget Bardot has never been on
Um, but she was asked what her luxury item
So we mentioned at the top you get to pick your favorite song your favorite book and a luxury item and
She said that what she wanted was happiness
And he said, oh, excuse me. You want what?
She's an happiness and she was obviously saying happiness. Um, but he heard a penis and yeah, but that's this is so weird
We've talked about the kendo song. I think happiness. Yeah, the Beatles happiness is a warm gun
Happiness happiness the greatest gift that I possess
It's like the biggest selling song of the
60s wasn't it the kendo one one of them? Yeah. Yeah, wait the Beatles
Happiness is a warm gun. Yeah, is that a plant a penis is a warm gun in a way
Uh, is it? Yeah, because the second line goes all right. You're just pleased to see me
These days being invited on tesla desks is basically in britain
It's kind of a minor gong and also the thing about the thing about the show is these days that it's it's sort of
uniquely psychological, isn't it and some of the presenters like sue lawley and kirstie young in particular
Were famed for getting under the skin of the interviewee and they'd you know, they'd pause and they'd let the interviewee
Say lots of delicious juicy secrets about themselves because you're in the booth. Yeah, you're being told, you know, you're being treated
Lovely, you're listening to your favorite music
It's it's evocative, you know, so there's a soundtrack of your life and people give away amazing stuff about themselves
Um, john loyde, uh, our boss at qi. He has done it and he said he said things he wouldn't
Wouldn't have said to anyone. Well, he was did you remember you must remember the period just after he did it
John did this show and he had a meltdown. He he was talking about fleeing the country
He said i'm gonna ruin so much of my it for months until it came out. Well, he confessed to three murders on the show
My first track is the death rose of my first victim
I was reading about the first woman on desert island discs who was um actress pat kirkwood
Who i'd never heard of she was the fifth person um to do it at all
And she was so famous back in the day. I can't believe i've never heard of her
Cole potter said to her once you may sing any song of mine at any time for the rest of your life
She was such a good singer so long as you pick it for your desert
She was the first woman on british tv to have her own series, uh, the pat kirkwood show in 1954
And she did a three month sold out show in los vegas, which broke all box office records
She was so famous and she sang during world war two in london
At the palladium and they they would be bombing of course the blitz was going on
And she said that they're basically everyone would bet on who would be on stage when the bombs hit and everyone had to stop and leave
And then halfway through her and her mum kind of went onto the top of the roof and watched as the
Kind of bombs fell around them at the top of the palladium
And she said we looked around the sea of fire. We were marooned no way out
So like how have i not heard of her? Yeah, like metaphorically maroons as well. Yeah, exactly
That's very cool. We have a very good friend mutually all of us uh called matt hyten
Makes the most brilliant videos online in which he injects mr. Blobby into it
So if you know the jameriquire virtual insanity
Video music video where he's on like a travel later blobby's in there
Cgi din or whatever greed screened in just smashing into stuff
I think very recently someone wrote to him saying i had a nightmare that instead of paranormal activity of that ghost lady
Mr. Blobby was in paranormal activity
That's my favorite one of his videos and matt put it in and so you can see them on twitter, right?
You can see them on twitter. Yeah, follow his account because he's he's a genius with the comedy videos that he puts out
But also i was following him recently because he made a small attempt to win on ebay the original
Blobby suit that recently went up for auction and i think he's sort of like said
Oh, we're gonna have like 600 pounds, you know if we all club in and it went for 62 000 pounds
And this wasn't even a suit that was i think used in the actual blobby tv series
I think it was made for his big american transfer
Never happened
suit unused
Um and yeah, so that went for 62 000, but i went on ebay yesterday and there's another one up there another original
And it's currently on 8 000 pounds. I think that it didn't go for 62 000 in the end. So it's gone back on then
Yeah, well basically someone bids 62 000, but then they backed out
And the seller who was a former bbc employee who wished to remain anonymous said that he wasn't surprised they backed out
Okay, well it's back on and it's at 8 000. 8 000 still that's a lie, isn't it? I reckon. Yeah, how much you put for it?
I've got to confirm it with finella, but yeah
We're going for a good cold 12
I got a dm yesterday about asking for recommendations for yeti and bigfoot books from a man called willy muncher 3000
willy muncher, those are the those are the dms i get his parents have a lot to answer for
My gut is really lugged in willy muncher and there's already 2999 willy munchers
Uh, have you guys heard of tendernay? No, um, tendernay is broccoli infused wine
Uh, and this was made by the tender stem company. As I said, they're a registered company and in order to make tender stem broccoli more
Accessible more fun. Uh, they decided to make broccoli infused wine. Uh, does that sound nice broccoli flavored wine?
I try it. I'd definitely be keen to give it a go gin. I'd put it in a gin. Oh, yeah
And this is japan as well as it. No, this was the uk. Oh, okay. Yeah, what are we like?
Let's put it away
Metro did a taste test on it. Yeah, one person said I think it tastes distinctly like the color green
Not on varnish praise. Yeah, the features director said it, um, smells like a fart in a glass
The executive editor said in the glass it smelled like silage
Silage, um, it took all the wilt power
I could remove the thought that it wasn't actually nine month old grass juice used to feed cows in winter
Wow, if you get British people to be like now, I don't want that wine. I mean, you've made it really bad
Why? It was I think it was British wine. So British white wine, which call me a snob. I actually don't particularly like either
So it's already not great. Oh, there's lots of there's lots of lovely
English made wine. Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure that I'm wrong about that. But I think it's disgusting. What's your back the next time you leave the
I know I know I'm not allowed in georgia already because I said that their wine was disgusting
What's it retail for because I think the truth is if I was in a corner shop and I had six quid on me
Broccoli wine is coming home. I feel like it was it was limited edition. So I think I'll be expensive a little bit on the
Expensive side, perhaps. Yeah, you can't buy it in the shops anymore
Okay, that's a shame
Wait for that song. Yeah, why not?
That's the British wine police
There's a cool pub which is in um in the uk if anyone wants to track it down called
Windsor castle and it's not Windsor castle. It is just called Windsor castle
Yeah, yeah, is it in Windsor though? No, it's not. I'm sorry. I believe it's in London. Um, there's one in Nightingale called that
Yeah, I think it might be that so it's a very posh one and it's got a really cool little thing about it
Which is that it has at the bar table if let's say families are coming in and they're growing older and older
And let's say one of the kids is in his teens. They'll have a reserve date at the bar
For the kid who's going to turn 18 for the day of his birthday. Yeah, so it's like on this day
This seat is reserved for this kid. Um, or this now at man or woman, you know, but
They you're allowed to sit there before that day
No one can sit at that chair until yeah
No, it's just you know, it's saying, you know on august, you know 2023
That's going to be hard when the kid is trying to get in with a dodgy id in 2022 halfway through the year
Yeah, they're like, we know your age exactly
All of us know your age
We mentioned that ages ago about the first people to walk across was it brocklin bridge or san francisco bridge or something
And they just the first person to walk across got a record and then the first person to skip across and the first person to you know
To walk across with their tongue on the ground
I think it was just their tongue out
That's your memory sexing up making quite a good record. So sexy
I did think I went to Niagara Falls recently and went to the museum in Niagara Falls and they do
Try to give everyone who's walked across Niagara Falls in all gone over it
A record
So because it's a museum. They want everything to sound a bit impressive. So they're like
This was the first single woman over 50
To go over the falls in a barrel of her own making
So many qualifiers, honey with her tongue out. Yeah
I read a completely confected controversy online the other day
Oh, yeah, it was about pajamas and it was about this lady has caused controversy online by saying she doesn't
Wash her pajamas after every use
Okay, every use every use that seems wasteful as if anyone anyone is like the pillow manufacturers
You say oh, you really should wash your pillowcase every two days
Get lots swap your pillows. They say don't they with what because it's half of it's made up of bed bugs or something
That's what they say, isn't it? Well, I need something to support my neck. You know, I've bought a chimsy the cheap flimsy pillow
It's not going to the feathers in that alone. I'm not going to support me. I need the bed bugs. That's amazing
I know, but I just I just I thought what what the average amount of time people wash their pajamas is
I mean, I think weekly
You're not going outside clean free catheter
weekly
I'm going on record as I think weekly because we do are we do a sleep wash every Sunday
So anything's they're sleeping beds pillowcases sheets pajamas this wash, okay?
And I stand by that and he takes his pajamas off and stands up
And they run away
He's gonna come back here
I'll suit it with my dressing going on you will behave
I've got one more medical error
As this initial fact was about Doncaster sending out a wrong text, you know, just a process like a theme is so yeah
So this was in 2021 during
peak covid times and it's when the vaccines had just come in
So only a certain number of people were eligible for them, right?
You know, it was the very oldest people first and then slightly younger. You remember. Yeah, everyone
So there was a man from Liverpool a young man called Liam Thorpe
Who was told he got a message saying he qualified for a covid jab and he couldn't believe it because he was he was young
fit healthy, you know, and he when he inquired further he found out it was due to his bmi that he
So like it because um, if you were heavier, you were more at risk some people who were obese got it earlier
Exactly. If you had a very high bmi due to uh, obesity, you exactly like James. You get that jab earlier
But he was he wasn't overweight, you know, he was he was six foot two
What it turned out. It happened was he had not been listed as six foot two. He'd been listed
As being six point two centimetres tall
Which for his weight came from a bmi of 28,000
And they call him up about his covid jab, you know, like this is the problem
They must have been waiting for him in the queue
So
The guy he's gonna be six point two centimetres
All right, there you have it
Those are our outtakes if you want to send in anything to us about the things that we said over the course of that compilation
Uh, oh god, there's too many handles to mention at the end of this one
So we'll just say at no such thing. Just send it there or you can go to podcast at qi.com
And maybe whatever you've thought of might be read out on drop us a line in a future club fish bonus exclusive
So that is it for us as I said at the top of the show
Do check out the soho theater website and the kings place website
Which you can get through to via no such thing as a fish dot com
Just to see if any tickets become available for the soho run or get yourself a live stream ticket for the kings place podcast festival one
And um, otherwise we will be back again with more bonus compilations very soon
Drop us a line and more outtakes featuring more of the guests have been coming in while anna's been gone
And of course, we'll just continue on with our regular friday shows. So make sure to always tune into those
Okay club fishers, that's it from us. We'll see you next time. Goodbye
Bye
(upbeat music)